RDSC-3533 Update RDI documentation, part 1 (#1538)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/installation/upgrade.md

### Recovering from failure during a VM upgrade

If the previous version is v1.4.4 or later, go to the `rdi_install/<PREVIOUS_VERSION>`

> directory and run `sudo ./upgrade.sh` to revert to the that version, as described in the section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory and run `sudo ./upgrade.sh` to revert to that version, as described in the section
```

    and add them to your local registry.

1.  Download the RDI Helm chart tar file from the [Redis download center](https://redis.io/downloads/)
    (in the *Modules, Tools & Integration* category).

    ```bash
    export RDI_VERSION=<version>
    wget https://redis-enterprise-software-downloads.s3.amazonaws.com/redis-di/rdi-$RDI_VERSION.tgz
    ```

1.  Adapt your `rdi-values.yaml` file to any changes in the new RDI version if needed.
    See also [Upgrading to RDI 1.8.0 or later from an earlier version](#upgrading-to-rdi-180-or-later-from-an-earlier-version). 
    Before making any changes, save your existing `rdi-values.yaml` if you need to revert 
    to the old RDI version for any reason.

1.  Run the `helm upgrade` command:
    
    ```bash
    helm upgrade --install rdi rdi-<tag>.tar.gz -f rdi-values.yaml -n rdi
    ```

Note that you don't need to
[deploy]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/data-pipelines/deploy" >}})
the RDI configuration again after this step.

### Upgrading to RDI 1.8.0 or later from an earlier version

> When upgrading to RDI 1.8.0 or later from an earlier version 
> you must adapt your `rdi-values.yaml` file to the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to RDI 1.8.0 or later from an earlier version 
you must edit your `rdi-values.yaml` file to make the following changes:
```

Author: What I mean is, they need to adapt their `rdi-values.yaml` to the changes we made to the `values.yaml` structure. They won't necessarily need to make all these changes because likely they have not changed most (or any) of these values. Not sure how to phrase this better?

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```suggestion
When upgrading to RDI 1.8.0 or later from an earlier version, 
make sure that the values in your `rdi-values.yaml` file take the following changes into account:
```
